ifs: add page (#10775)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/ifs.md

# IFS

> > In Linux and Unix-like operating systems, the IFS (Internal Field Separator) is a special environment variable that defines the delimiter used for word splitting and parsing strings in the shell.
> > The default value of IFS is a space, tab, and newline (space, tab, and newline characters are used as delimiters).

Reviewer: For shortening the sentence. Feel free to discuss if I delete something important.
```suggestion
> IFS (Internal Field Separator) is a special environment variable that defines the delimiter used for word splitting in the shell of Unix-like systems.
> The default value of IFS is a space, tab, and newline. The three characters serve as delimiters.
```

> > IFS (Internal Field Separator) is a special environment variable that defines the delimiter used for word splitting in the shell of Unix-like systems.
> > The default value of IFS is a space, tab, and newline. The three characters serve as delimiters.
> > More information: <https://www.baeldung.com/linux/ifs-shell-variable>.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> IFS (Internal Field Separator) is a special environment variable that defines the delimiter used for word splitting in Unix shells.
> The default value of IFS is a space, tab, and newline. The three characters serve as delimiters.
> More information: <https://www.gnu.org/software/bash/manual/html_node/Word-Splitting.html>.
```

> - View the Current IFS Value:
> 
> `echo "$IFS"`
> 
> - Change the IFS Value:
> 
> `IFS=":"`
> 
> - Reset IFS to Default:
> 
> `IFS=$' \t\n'`
> 
> - Temporary IFS Change in a Subshell:
> 
> `(IFS=":"; echo "one:two:three")`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- View the current IFS value:

`echo "$IFS"`

- Change the IFS value:

`IFS="{{:}}"`

- Reset IFS to default:

`IFS=$' \t\n'`

- Temporarily change the IFS value in a subshell:

`(IFS="{{:}}"; echo "{{one:two:three}}")`
```
